README.md, before:

# F-Droid Repository for FOSS BU Community

This repository hosts an [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/) repo for FOSS BU Community. This allows you to install and update apps very easily.

### Apps

<!-- This table is auto-generated. Do not edit -->
| Icon | Name | Description | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <a href="https://github.com/notnotrachit/sharepal_app"><img src="fdroid/repo/icons/" alt="Sharepal icon" width="36px" height="36px"></a> | [**Sharepal**](https://github.com/notnotrachit/sharepal_app) |  | 1.6.1 (1) |
<!-- end apps table -->

### How to use

1. At first, you should [install the F-Droid app](https://f-droid.org/), it's an alternative app store for Android.
2. Now you can copy the following [link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FOSS-Club-BU/fdroid/main/fdroid/repo?fingerprint=316cdc49ab0a7d71270eca564962e76b21baa30b8bb2ff68039bd34eca0bdbb2), then add this repository to your F-Droid client:

   ```
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FOSS-Club-BU/fdroid/main/fdroid/repo?fingerprint=316cdc49ab0a7d71270eca564962e76b21baa30b8bb2ff68039bd34eca0bdbb2
   ```

   Alternatively, you can also scan this QR code:

   <p align="center">
     <img src=".github/qrcode.png?raw=true" alt="F-Droid repo QR code"/>
   </p>

3. Open the link in F-Droid. It will ask you to add the repository. Everything should already be filled in correctly, so just press "OK".
4. You can now install my apps, e.g. start by searching for "Notality" in the F-Droid client.

Please note that some apps published here might contain [Anti-Features](https://f-droid.org/en/docs/Anti-Features/). If you can't find an app by searching for it, you can go to settings and enable "Include anti-feature apps".

### For developers

### Community: Submit Your App!

Want your app listed here? It's easy:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Add your app's metadata (see the [SUBMIT.md](SUBMIT.md) guide for details).
3. Open a Pull Request with your changes.
4. Once approved, your app will be published in this community repo!

See [SUBMIT.md](SUBMIT.md) for a complete, step-by-step guide.

---

### [License](LICENSE)

The license is for the files in this repository, _except_ those in the `fdroid` directory. These files _might_ be licensed differently; you can use an F-Droid client to get the details for each app.

Commit message:

Add app submission workflow and processing script
- Introduced a new GitHub Actions workflow to handle app submissions.
- Created a script to process app submission issues and generate Pull Requests.
- Updated README.md to include submission instructions and promote the new automated process.

README.md, after:

# F-Droid Repository for FOSS BU Community

This repository hosts an [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/) repo for FOSS BU Community. This allows you to install and update apps very easily.

### Apps

<!-- This table is auto-generated. Do not edit -->
| Icon | Name | Description | Version |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| <a href="https://github.com/notnotrachit/sharepal_app"><img src="fdroid/repo/icons/" alt="Sharepal icon" width="36px" height="36px"></a> | [**Sharepal**](https://github.com/notnotrachit/sharepal_app) |  | 1.6.1 (1) |
<!-- end apps table -->

### How to use

1. At first, you should [install the F-Droid app](https://f-droid.org/), it's an alternative app store for Android.
2. Now you can copy the following [link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FOSS-Club-BU/fdroid/main/fdroid/repo?fingerprint=316cdc49ab0a7d71270eca564962e76b21baa30b8bb2ff68039bd34eca0bdbb2), then add this repository to your F-Droid client:

   ```
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FOSS-Club-BU/fdroid/main/fdroid/repo?fingerprint=316cdc49ab0a7d71270eca564962e76b21baa30b8bb2ff68039bd34eca0bdbb2
   ```

   Alternatively, you can also scan this QR code:

   <p align="center">
     <img src=".github/qrcode.png?raw=true" alt="F-Droid repo QR code"/>
   </p>

3. Open the link in F-Droid. It will ask you to add the repository. Everything should already be filled in correctly, so just press "OK".
4. You can now install my apps, e.g. start by searching for "Notality" in the F-Droid client.

Please note that some apps published here might contain [Anti-Features](https://f-droid.org/en/docs/Anti-Features/). If you can't find an app by searching for it, you can go to settings and enable "Include anti-feature apps".

### For developers

### Community: Submit Your App!

Want your app listed here? We have two easy ways:

#### Quick Submission (Recommended)
1. [Create a new issue](../../issues/new/choose) using our "Submit New App" template
2. Fill out the form with your app details
3. Our automation will create a Pull Request for you!
4. Once approved, your app will be published in this community repo!

#### Manual Submission
1. Fork this repository.
2. Add your app's metadata (see the [SUBMIT.md](SUBMIT.md) guide for details).
3. Open a Pull Request with your changes.
4. Once approved, your app will be published in this community repo!

See [SUBMIT.md](SUBMIT.md) for a complete, step-by-step guide.

---

### [License](LICENSE)

The license is for the files in this repository, _except_ those in the `fdroid` directory. These files _might_ be licensed differently; you can use an F-Droid client to get the details for each app.
